README.md, before:

# 🇺🇦 Stand With Ukraine! 🇺🇦

The war in the middle of Europe is unfathomable. We must do whatever we can to stop russia's imperialistic agression. While my heart bleeds for Ukraine, it's not just about one country. It is a about autocratic regimes doing the only thing they can against the democratic world - waging war. We must do whatever is in our power to stop russia and whoever supports them. This is our way to show that we as humanity are better than that.

Please consider providing any support that you can: https://supportukrainenow.org

Anything helps. Donate to military or humanitarian causes if you can, host displaced Ukrainians in Europe or spread the word about this whole situation at the very least.

Thank you!

<details>
  <summary>Irrelevant for now information</summary>
  
# Hi 👋, I'm Igor!

![GitHub followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/niosus?label=github%20followers&style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub User's stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/niosus?affiliations=OWNER%2CCOLLABORATOR&label=total%20stars%20earned&style=for-the-badge&color=red)
![Visitors](https://api.visitorbadge.io/api/visitors?path=niosus%2Fniosus&countColor=%23263759)
![GitHub Sponsors](https://img.shields.io/github/sponsors/niosus?color=orange&style=for-the-badge)
[![Donate][img-paypal]][donate-paypal]


- 🤖 I am mostly interested in perception/localization/SLAM in anything related to robotics. You can see this by following my pinned repos and the carreer path on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/igor-bogoslavskyi/). I have a PhD in robotics from the university of Bonn, from the [Cyrill Stachniss'](https://www.ipb.uni-bonn.de/people/cyrill-stachniss/) lab and I've published and presented at various robotics conferences like ICRA, IROS, RosCon etc. (see the list of publications below)
  <details>
  <summary>My publications (see also my <a href="https://scholar.google.de/citations?user=4HpTpIQAAAAJ&hl=en">Google Scholar</a>)
  </summary>
  <br/>
    
  [![Google Scholar](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?style=for-the-badge&label=Google%20Scholar&logo=googlescholar&message=Igor%20Bogoslavskyi&color=blue)](https://scholar.google.de/citations?user=4HpTpIQAAAAJ&hl=en)

    
  ## 2018
  - B. Della Corte, I. Bogoslavskyi, C. Stachniss, and G. Grisetti, [“A general framework for flexible multi-cue photometric point cloud registration,”](https://www.ipb.uni-bonn.de/wp-content/papercite-data/pdf/della-corte2018icra.pdf) in Proc. of the ieee int. conf. on robotics & automation (ICRA), 2018
  - I. Bogoslavskyi, [“Robot mapping and navigation in real-world environments,”](http://www.ipb.uni-bonn.de/pdfs/bogoslavskyi2018phd.pdf) PhD Thesis, 2018
  ## 2017
  - I. Bogoslavskyi and C. Stachniss, [“Analyzing the quality of matched 3d point clouds of objects,”](http://www.ipb.uni-bonn.de/pdfs/bogoslavskyi17iros.pdf) in Proc. of the ieee/rsj int. conf. on intelligent robots and systems (IROS), 2017
  - I. Bogoslavskyi and C. Stachniss, [“Efficient online segmentation for sparse 3d laser scans,”](http://www.ipb.uni-bonn.de/pdfs/bogoslavskyi16pfg.pdf) in Journal of photogrammetry, remote sensing and geoinformation science (PFG), 2017
  ## 2016
  - I. Bogoslavskyi, M. Mazuran, and C. Stachniss, [“Robust homing for autonomous robots,”](https://www.ipb.uni-bonn.de/wp-content/papercite-data/pdf/bogoslavskyi16icra.pdf) in Proc. of the ieee int. conf. on robotics & automation (icra), 2016.
  - I. Bogoslavskyi and C. Stachniss, [“Fast range image-based segmentation of sparse 3d laser scans for online operation,”](https://www.ipb.uni-bonn.de/wp-content/papercite-data/pdf/bogoslavskyi16iros.pdf) in Proc. of the ieee/rsj int. conf. on intelligent robots and systems (IROS), 2016.]
  - D. Perea-Ström, I. Bogoslavskyi, and C. Stachniss, [“Robust exploration and homing for autonomous robots,”](https://www.ipb.uni-bonn.de/wp-content/papercite-data/pdf/perea16jras.pdf) in Robotics and autonomous systems, 2016.
  ## 2015
  - I. Bogoslavskyi, L. Spinello, W. Burgard, and C. Stachniss, [“Where to park? minimizing the expected time to find a parking space,”](https://www.ipb.uni-bonn.de/wp-content/papercite-data/pdf/bogoslavskyi15icra.pdf) in Proc. of the ieee int. conf. on robotics & automation (ICRA), 2015
  ## 2013
  - I. Bogoslavskyi, O. Vysotska, J. Serafin, G. Grisetti, and C. Stachniss, [“Efficient traversability analysis for mobile robots using the kinect sensor,”](http://www.informatik.uni-freiburg.de/~stachnis/pdf/bogoslavskyi13ecmr.pdf) in Proc. of the european conf. on mobile robots (ECMR), 2013
  ---------
  </details>
- 💻 I am also fond of C++, I've talked at CppCon and am maintaining [EasyClangComplete](https://github.com/niosus/EasyClangComplete) - a Sublime Text 3/4 plugin for C++ code completion. Please donate something or sponsor me on GitHub if you find this effort useful!


</details>


[img-paypal]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge
[donate-paypal]: https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=2QLY7J4Q944HS

Commit message:

Update link to the website

README.md, after:

# 🇺🇦 Stand With Ukraine! 🇺🇦

The war in the middle of Europe is unfathomable. We must do whatever we can to stop russia's imperialistic agression. While my heart bleeds for Ukraine, it's not just about one country. It is a about autocratic regimes doing the only thing they can against the democratic world - waging war. We must do whatever is in our power to stop russia and whoever supports them. This is our way to show that we as humanity are better than that.

Please consider providing any support that you can on the official Ukrainian website dedicated to this war: https://war.ukraine.ua

Anything helps. Donate to military or humanitarian causes if you can, host displaced Ukrainians in Europe or spread the word about this whole situation at the very least.

Thank you!

<details>
  <summary>Irrelevant for now information</summary>
  
# Hi 👋, I'm Igor!

![GitHub followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/niosus?label=github%20followers&style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub User's stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/niosus?affiliations=OWNER%2CCOLLABORATOR&label=total%20stars%20earned&style=for-the-badge&color=red)
![Visitors](https://api.visitorbadge.io/api/visitors?path=niosus%2Fniosus&countColor=%23263759)
![GitHub Sponsors](https://img.shields.io/github/sponsors/niosus?color=orange&style=for-the-badge)
[![Donate][img-paypal]][donate-paypal]


- 🤖 I am mostly interested in perception/localization/SLAM in anything related to robotics. You can see this by following my pinned repos and the carreer path on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/igor-bogoslavskyi/). I have a PhD in robotics from the university of Bonn, from the [Cyrill Stachniss'](https://www.ipb.uni-bonn.de/people/cyrill-stachniss/) lab and I've published and presented at various robotics conferences like ICRA, IROS, RosCon etc. (see the list of publications below)
  <details>
  <summary>My publications (see also my <a href="https://scholar.google.de/citations?user=4HpTpIQAAAAJ&hl=en">Google Scholar</a>)
  </summary>
  <br/>
    
  [![Google Scholar](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?style=for-the-badge&label=Google%20Scholar&logo=googlescholar&message=Igor%20Bogoslavskyi&color=blue)](https://scholar.google.de/citations?user=4HpTpIQAAAAJ&hl=en)

    
  ## 2018
  - B. Della Corte, I. Bogoslavskyi, C. Stachniss, and G. Grisetti, [“A general framework for flexible multi-cue photometric point cloud registration,”](https://www.ipb.uni-bonn.de/wp-content/papercite-data/pdf/della-corte2018icra.pdf) in Proc. of the ieee int. conf. on robotics & automation (ICRA), 2018
  - I. Bogoslavskyi, [“Robot mapping and navigation in real-world environments,”](http://www.ipb.uni-bonn.de/pdfs/bogoslavskyi2018phd.pdf) PhD Thesis, 2018
  ## 2017
  - I. Bogoslavskyi and C. Stachniss, [“Analyzing the quality of matched 3d point clouds of objects,”](http://www.ipb.uni-bonn.de/pdfs/bogoslavskyi17iros.pdf) in Proc. of the ieee/rsj int. conf. on intelligent robots and systems (IROS), 2017
  - I. Bogoslavskyi and C. Stachniss, [“Efficient online segmentation for sparse 3d laser scans,”](http://www.ipb.uni-bonn.de/pdfs/bogoslavskyi16pfg.pdf) in Journal of photogrammetry, remote sensing and geoinformation science (PFG), 2017
  ## 2016
  - I. Bogoslavskyi, M. Mazuran, and C. Stachniss, [“Robust homing for autonomous robots,”](https://www.ipb.uni-bonn.de/wp-content/papercite-data/pdf/bogoslavskyi16icra.pdf) in Proc. of the ieee int. conf. on robotics & automation (icra), 2016.
  - I. Bogoslavskyi and C. Stachniss, [“Fast range image-based segmentation of sparse 3d laser scans for online operation,”](https://www.ipb.uni-bonn.de/wp-content/papercite-data/pdf/bogoslavskyi16iros.pdf) in Proc. of the ieee/rsj int. conf. on intelligent robots and systems (IROS), 2016.]
  - D. Perea-Ström, I. Bogoslavskyi, and C. Stachniss, [“Robust exploration and homing for autonomous robots,”](https://www.ipb.uni-bonn.de/wp-content/papercite-data/pdf/perea16jras.pdf) in Robotics and autonomous systems, 2016.
  ## 2015
  - I. Bogoslavskyi, L. Spinello, W. Burgard, and C. Stachniss, [“Where to park? minimizing the expected time to find a parking space,”](https://www.ipb.uni-bonn.de/wp-content/papercite-data/pdf/bogoslavskyi15icra.pdf) in Proc. of the ieee int. conf. on robotics & automation (ICRA), 2015
  ## 2013
  - I. Bogoslavskyi, O. Vysotska, J. Serafin, G. Grisetti, and C. Stachniss, [“Efficient traversability analysis for mobile robots using the kinect sensor,”](http://www.informatik.uni-freiburg.de/~stachnis/pdf/bogoslavskyi13ecmr.pdf) in Proc. of the european conf. on mobile robots (ECMR), 2013
  ---------
  </details>
- 💻 I am also fond of C++, I've talked at CppCon and am maintaining [EasyClangComplete](https://github.com/niosus/EasyClangComplete) - a Sublime Text 3/4 plugin for C++ code completion. Please donate something or sponsor me on GitHub if you find this effort useful!


</details>


[img-paypal]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge
[donate-paypal]: https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=2QLY7J4Q944HS
